New Cel2 Version of Docs (#1500)
celo-org/docs: docs/developer/explorers/block-explorers.md

---
title: Block Explorer
---
import ColoredText from '/src/components/ColoredText';

## [Blockscout](https://celo.blockscout.com)

> Blockscout explorer is available for <ColoredText>[Celo](https://explorer.celo.org/mainnet/blocks)</ColoredText>. If your contract is verfied on Blockscout, you can interact with and debug smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blockscout explorer is available for <ColoredText>[Celo](https://celo.blockscout.com)</ColoredText>. If your contract is verfied on Blockscout, you can interact with and debug smart contracts.
```
